YOU'RE TELLING ME
THIS ACTRESS
IS THE ONLY WOMAN
YOU EVER WANTED
WHO DIDN'T
WANT YOU BACK?
YEAH. OH, MY GOD.
IS THIS WHAT IT'S LIKE
TO BE YOU?
YOU'RE REALLY CRAZY
ABOUT HER, HUH?
OH, YOU HAVE NO IDEA.
AND WHEN WE'RE ON STAGE
I GET TO KISS HER
AND TOUCH HER
BUT THEN SHE GOES HOME
WITH THE DIRECTOR
AND IT'S LIKE SOMEBODY'S
RIPPING OUT MY HEART.
IT'S SO GREAT TO SEE YOU
FEELING LIKE THIS.
HEY.
All:
MONICA, DAD CALLED
THIS MORNING, AND, UH...
AUNT SYLVIA
PASSED AWAY.
YES!
YES! YEAH! YEAH! YEAH!
WE WERE ALL PRETTY
SHAKEN UP ABOUT IT.
AM I MISSING SOMETHING?
I ALWAYS THOUGHT DEATH
WAS SUPPOSED TO BE SAD IN A WAY.
WELL, AUNT SYLVIA WAS...
WELL, NOT A NICE PERSON.
SHE WAS A CRUEL,
CRANKY, OLD BITCH.
AND I'M SORRY SHE DIED.
DID DAD SAY
I GET THE DOLLHOUSE?
YOU GET THE DOLLHOUSE.
I GET THE DOLLHOUSE!
WELL, A HOUSE FOR DOLLS.
THAT IS SO COOL.
WHEN I WAS A KID,
I HAD A BARREL.
UH, PHEEBS, YOU HAD
A BARREL FOR A DOLLHOUSE?
NO, JUST A BARREL.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU CAN PLAY
WITH MY DOLLHOUSE.
REALLY? REALLY?
ANY TIME YOU WANT.
WHEN I WAS YOUNGER
ALL I WANTED TO DO WAS PLAY
WITH THIS DOLLHOUSE.
BUT NO.
IT WAS TO BE LOOKED AT
BUT NEVER PLAYED WITH.
MY GRANDMOTHER USED TO SAY
THE SAME THING TO ME.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
HEY, SOPHIE.
HEY, RACH.
THANKS FOR LUNCH,
CHANDLER.
YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO WALK ME
BACK UP HERE.
OH, THAT'S OKAY.
NO PROBLEM.
UM, HONEY,
YOU DO REALIZE
WE DON'T KEEP
THE WOMEN'S LINGERIE
HERE IN THE OFFICE.
YES, I REALIZE THAT.
SUMMER CATALOGUE?
THAT'S THE STUFF.
RACHEL, I NEED
THE VERSACE INVOICE.
HELLO.
YOU DON'T WORK
FOR ME.
JOANNA, THIS IS MY FRIEND,
CHANDLER BING.
JOANNA.
BING.
THAT'S A GREAT NAME.
THANKS. IT'S GAELIC FOR
"THY TURKEY'S DONE."
I'M GOING TO GO.
NICE MEETING YOU.
YOU, TOO.
BYE, CHANDLER.
SO, UH, WHAT'S WRONG
WITH HIM?
OH, NOTHING.
HE'S JUST GOOFY LIKE THAT.
I ACTUALLY HARDLY NOTICE IT
ANYMORE.
OH, NO, NO, NO.
I MEAN, IS HE...
MARRIED OR INVOLVED
WITH ANYONE?
NO, NO.
HE'S NOT MARRIED OR INVOLVED.
WITH ANYONE.
WELL, RACHEL...
ACTUALLY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
FORGET IT.
I'LL ASK HIM FOR YOU
IF YOU WANT ME TO.
WOULD YOU?
OR IS IT JUST
TOO SAD AND DESPERATE--
YOU KNOW, SOMETHING
THAT SOPHIE WOULD DO?
I AM HERE.
I KNOW THAT.
LOOK AT IT.
OH, WALLPAPER'S
A LITTLE FADED.
THAT'S OKAY.
CARPET'S A LITTLE LOOSE.
HARDWOOD FLOORS!
HEY.
Chandler:
HELLO.
OH!
OH, MONICA,
IT'S SO BEAUTIFUL!
I KNOW!
SO I'M HERE,
READY TO PLAY.
OKAY.
I BROUGHT A BUNCH
OF STUFF FOR THE HOUSE.
SO CHECK IT OUT.
WHAT'S THIS?
THAT'S A DOG.
EVERY HOUSE
SHOULD HAVE A DOG.
NOT ONE THAT CAN PEE
ON THE ROOF.
WELL, MAYBE IT'S SO BIG
BECAUSE THE HOUSE WAS BUILT
ON RADIOACTIVE WASTE.
AND IS THIS IN CASE
THE HOUSE SNEEZES?
NO, NO.
THAT'S THE GHOST
FOR THE ATTIC.
I DON'T WANT A GHOST.
WELL, NOBODY
WANTS A GHOST.
BUT YOU'VE GOT ONE.
BECAUSE THE HOUSE
IS SITTING ON
AN ANCIENT INDIAN
BURIAL GROUND.
Ross:
WAIT A MINUTE.
THE HOUSE WAS BUILT
ON RADIOACTIVE WASTE
AND AN ANCIENT INDIAN
BURIAL GROUND?
THAT WOULD NEVER HAPPEN.
OKAY, OBVIOUSLY YOU DON'T KNOW
MUCH ABOUT THE U.S. GOVERNMENT.
HEY.
All:
I NEED TO TALK TO YOU.
SURE. WHAT'S UP?
OH, SORRY.
I MEANT CHANDLER.
I-I KNOW.
WELL, IF SOMETHING
COMES UP...
WELL, I'M GLAD YOU GUYS
HAVE PASSED THAT
LITTLE AWKWARD PHASE.
OKAY, MY BOSS,
JOANNA.
WHEN YOU LEFT,
SHE STARTED ASKING
QUESTIONS ABOUT YOU.
OH, LIKED WHAT
SHE SAW, HUH?
DUG MY ACTION,
DID SHE?
CHECKIN' OUT
THE CHAN-CHAN MAN!
THAT WAS... SURREAL.
OKAY, WHAT DO YOU THINK?
YOU INTERESTED AT ALL?
YEAH, SHE SEEMED COOL,
ATTRACTIVE.
I'LL DO IT.
OH, THANK YOU, CHANDLER.
THIS IS SO GREAT.
SHE'S GOING TO LOVE ME.
HEY, DINOSAUR ATTACK.
QUICK, EVERYBODY
INTO THE HOUSE.
AHH!
RUFF! RUFF!
ALL RIGHT, PHOEBE,
YOU KNOW WHAT? THAT'S IT.
THAT'S IT.
NO DINOSAURS,
NO GHOSTS
NO GIANT DOGS, OKAY?
THEY'RE NOT THE RIGHT SIZE
THEY'RE NOT VICTORIAN,
AND THEY JUST DON'T GO.
OKAY.
FINE.
COME, DINOSAUR.
WE'RE NOT WELCOME
IN THE HOUSE OF NO IMAGINATION.
PHEEBS, WHILE WE'RE HOVERING
AROUND THE SUBJECT
I JUST HAVE TO SAY
THAT DINOSAURS
THEY DON'T GO "RUFF."
THE LITTLE ONES DO.
HEY, KATE.
MORNING.
I WENT TO THAT RESTAURANT
YOU TOLD ME ABOUT...
Man:
HEY, LOVELY.
COME TALK TO ME
FOR A MINUTE.
THEN I ATE THE FOOD.
IT WAS GOOD.
I HAD THE FISH.
HI.
I'M LAUREN,
KATE'S UNDERSTUDY.
OH, HEY. JOEY TRIBBIANI.
I KNOW.
I'M A BIG FAN
OF YOURS.
WHAT?
I USED TO SCHEDULE
MY CLASSES
SO I COULD WATCH
DR. DRAKE RAMORAY
ON DAYS OF OUR LIVES.
GET OUT OF HERE.
REALLY?
ABSOLUTELY.
OH, BUT THEN THEY WENT
AND DROPPED YOU DOWN
THAT ELEVATOR SHAFT.
THEY GAVE ME THE SHAFT,
ALL RIGHT.
( laughing )
YOU'RE SO FUNNY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
AFTER REHEARSAL?
DO YOU WANT TO GET
A DRINK OR SOMETHING?
WELL, UH...
YEAH. YEAH, SURE.
A DRINK SOUNDS GREAT.
COOL.
I'LL SEE YOU THEN.
ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT,
IT'S TIME TO ACT
MY TALKING PROPS.
HEY.
All:
LOOK, EVERYBODY.
LOOK AT MY NEW DOLLHOUSE.
WOW!
OH!
LOOK, LOOK.
( delighted shouts )
HEY, WHAT'S THIS?
OH, OKAY, IT'S A SLIDE
INSTEAD OF STAIRS.
LOOK.
OH!
VERY INTERESTING, PHOEBE.
WHAT'S THIS?
THE LICORICE ROOM.
YOU CAN EAT
ALL THE FURNITURE.
AND WHEN GUESTS COME OVER
THEY CAN STAY ON
THE TOOTSIE ROLL-A-WAY BED.
THIS IS
THE COOLEST HOUSE EVER.
HEY, DOES ANYONE
WANT TO JOIN ME
IN THE AROMA ROOM?
ALL RIGHT.
I WOULD.
HEY, GUYS
GUYS, DID YOU SEE MY NEW
CHINA CABINET?
UH-HUH.
WATCH. WATCH.
OOH!
AND, AND...
AH!
HEY, MY FATHER'S HOUSE
DOES THAT.
OKAY, HOW DID IT GO?
TELL ME EVERYTHING.
WELL, THE MOVIE WAS GREAT.
THE DINNER WAS GREAT.
AND THERE'S NOTHING
LIKE A COOL, CRISP
NEW YORK EVENING.
OF COURSE, I DIDN'T GET
TO ENJOY ANY OF THAT
BECAUSE JOANNA'S SUCH
A BIG, DULL DUD.
CHANDLER IS FANTASTIC!
WHAT?
OH, GOD,
WE JUST CLICKED.
HE CAME BY TO PICK ME UP,
I OPENED THE DOOR
AND IT WAS
JUST LIKE, "CLICK."
DID HE TELL YOU?
AND HE'S GOT
SUCH A GOOD HEART.
DOESN'T HE HAVE
A GOOD HEART?
AND HE'S SO SWEET.
HE SAID HE WAS
GOING TO CALL
SO PUT HIM STRAIGHT THROUGH.
ISN'T THIS GREAT?
DON'T SPOIL IT.
COME ON, BABY,
DON'T GO.
PLEASE.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
( phone ringing )
HELLO?
OH, IT'S YOU.
JUST ONE SEC.
I AM GOING TO TAKE
THIS CALL.
WHEN I CONTINUE, I HOPE THAT
THERE WILL APPEAR ON STAGE
THIS MAGICAL THING
THAT IN THE THEATER
WE CALL
COMMITTING TO THE MOMENT!
THE GUY'S LIKE
A CARTOON.
WHAT DO YOU SEE
IN HIM, ANYWAY?
HE HAPPENS
TO BE BRILLIANT.
WHICH IS MORE
THAN I CAN SAY
FOR THAT SWEATER
YOU'RE DATING.
HEY, I'M NOT INTERESTED
IN HER SWEATER.
IT'S WHAT'S UNDERNEATH
HER SWEATER THAT COUNTS.
AND BESIDES, SINCE WHEN DO
YOU CARE WHO I'M GOING OUT WITH?
I DON'T CARE.
WHY? DO YOU WANT ME TO CARE?
DO YOU WANT ME
TO WANT YOU TO CARE?
DO YOU?
WHAT?
OKAY, I'M AFRAID
TO SAY THIS
BUT LET'S PICK IT UP
WHERE WE LEFT OFF.
COME ON, BABY,
DON'T GO.
PLEASE?
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
I'VE GOT NO REASON
TO STAY.
STOP!
STOP IT!
YOU MUST STOP!
YOU ARE BAD ACTORS.
THIS IS A TERRIBLE PLAY.
I'LL SEE YOU IN THE MORNING.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
WE GO ON IN A WEEK.
HEY, IT'S GOING
TO BE ALL RIGHT.
SO SINCE
WE'RE GETTING OFF EARLY
DO YOU WANT TO GO
AND PAINT MUGS?
WHAT?
YOU KNOW, AT THE PLACE
I TOLD YOU ABOUT LAST NIGHT?
OH, YEAH.
WITH THE MUG PAINTING.
YEAH.
I WAS SO LISTENING TO THAT.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
I THINK I KIND OF NEED
TO WORK ON MY STUFF TONIGHT.
OH, OKAY.
I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW.
OKAY.
GOOD NIGHT.
UH... ARE YOU OKAY?
YEAH, I GUESS.
WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO
ABOUT THE SCENE, HUH?
I DON'T KNOW.
WELL, UM...
MAYBE IF IT HAD
MORE HEAT.
HOW DO YOU MEAN?
WELL...
ADRIENNE'S LOOKING FOR
A REASON TO STAY, RIGHT?
VICTOR CAN'T
JUST KISS HER.
HE'S GOT TO...
HE'S GOT TO REALLY
GIVE HER A REASON.
MAYBE HE COULD SLIP HER
THE TONGUE.
OR MAYBE...
MAYBE HE COULD GRAB HER
AND...
AND LIFT HER UP.
YEAH, AND THEN ADRIENNE
MAYBE SHE COULD WRAP HER LEGS
AROUND HIS WAIST.
AND THEN SHE COULD RIP OFF
HIS SHIRT AND KISS HIS CHEST
AND HIS STOMACH.
AND THEN HE CAN USE HIS TEETH...
HIS TEETH TO UNDO HER DRESS
AND... AND...
BITE HER.
AND THEN RIGHT
WHEN THE SCENE ENDS
HE COULD TAKE HER
WITH THIS RAW, ANIMAL...
( gasping )
SOMETHING LIKE THAT?
YEAH, THAT'S PRETTY MUCH
WHAT I HAD IN MIND.
YEAH.
HEY.
WHAT'S UP?
HI.
HEY.
IT'S A LITTLE EARLY
TO BE DRINKING.
NO, NO.
THINGS, UH, FINALLY
HAPPENED WITH KATE.
OH, YOU'RE KIDDING.
THAT'S GREAT.
OH, IT WAS SO AMAZING.
AFTER THE... LOVEMAKING...
OH, MY.
I JUST...
I JUST WATCHED HER
SLEEP FOR, LIKE, HOURS
JUST BREATHING IN
AND BREATHING OUT.
AND THEN I KNEW SHE WAS DREAMING
'CAUSE HER EYES
KEPT GOING LIKE THIS...
JOANNE'S GOT IT
ALL WRONG, OKAY?
ALL I SAID WAS,
"THIS WAS FUN.
"LET'S DO IT
AGAIN SOMETIME.
I'LL GIVE YOU A CALL."
OH, GEE
I WONDER WHY SHE THINKS
YOU WERE GOING TO CALL HER.
THAT'S WHAT YOU SAY
AT THE END OF A DATE.
YOU CAN'T JUST SAY
"NICE TO MEET YOU.
GOOD NIGHT"?
TO HER FACE?
IT'S THE END OF THE DATE.
SHE'S WAITING FOR ME
TO SAY I'LL CALL HER
AND IT JUST COMES OUT.
I CAN'T HELP IT.
IT'S A COMPULSION.
COME ON, RACH
WHEN A GUY SAYS
HE'S GOING TO CALL
IT DOESN'T MEAN
HE'S GOING TO CALL.
THIS NEVER HAPPENED
TO YOU?
WELL, THEY ALWAYS CALLED.
BITE ME.
DID HE CALL?
NO. SORRY.
WHY? WHY?
HE SAID HE'D CALL.
WHY HASN'T HE CALLED?
MAYBE HE'S INTIMIDATED
BY REALLY SMART,
STRONG, SUCCESSFUL WOMEN.
SOPHIE, PLEASE CLIMB
OUT OF MY BUTT.
WHY HASN'T HE CALLED, RACHEL?
OKAY, OKAY.
UM, WELL, UH...
MAYBE HE FEELS AWKWARD
BECAUSE YOU ARE MY BOSS.
WHY SHOULD HE FEEL AWKWARD?
YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE
WHO SHOULD FEEL AWKWARD
AND YOU DIDN'T TELL HIM
NOT TO CALL ME, DID YOU?
NO, I...
BECAUSE IF YOU
FEEL UNCOMFORTABLE
WITH YOUR FRIEND
DATING SOMEONE YOU WORK FOR
THERE ARE ALWAYS WAYS
TO FIX THAT.
CALL HER. CALL HER NOW.
MULTIPLE... SO MANY PAPER CUTS.
"WHY HASN'T HE
CALLED, RACHEL?
"WHY? I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
"HE SAID HE'D CALL. WHY?
I'M TELLING YOU,
SHE'S FLIPPED OUT.
SHE'S GONE CRAZY.
OH. WELL, GIVE ME
THE PHONE THEN.
THIS ISN'T FUNNY.
SHE THINKS IT'S MY FAULT
THAT YOU HAVEN'T CALLED HER.
YOU HAVE TO CALL HER.
YOU CAN'T CALL SOMEBODY
AFTER THIS LONG JUST TO SAY
"IN CASE YOU DIDN'T NOTICE,
I DON'T LIKE YOU."
WELL, THEN
YOU'LL HAVE TO TAKE
HER OUT AGAIN.
NO, SHE'S REALLY DULL
AND SHE GETS
THIS GROSS MASCARA GOOP THING
IN THE CORNER OF HER EYE.
I DON'T CARE.
YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE
TO TAKE HER OUT AGAIN
AND END IT IN A WAY
THAT SHE KNOWS
IT'S ACTUALLY ENDED.
AND I DON'T CARE HOW
HARD IT IS FOR YOU.
DO NOT TELL HER THAT
YOU WILL CALL HER AGAIN.
FINE, BUT IT'S JUST
A LUNCH DATE.
AND FROM NOW ON,
I GET MY OWN DATES.
I DON'T WANT YOU SETTING ME UP
WITH ANYBODY EVER AGAIN.
THAT'S FINE.
THAT'S JUST A LOT
OF BIG TALK, YOU KNOW.
I KNOW.
( water running )
MON?
IN THE SHOWER!
OH! FIRE! THERE'S A FIRE! FIRE!
( mumbling )
( Monica screams )
HEY.
HI.
SO, I, UH...
I TALKED TO LAUREN
AND I KIND OF TOLD HER
HOW THINGS WERE WITH US.
DID YOU, UH, DID YOU
TALK TO MARSHALL?
ABOUT WHAT?
YOU KNOW, ABOUT
WHAT HAPPENED WITH US.
NO.
AND THERE'S REALLY NO REASON
WHY HE SHOULD FIND OUT
SO, UH, LET'S NOT MAKE
A BIG DEAL OF IT, OKAY?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
IT WAS A BIG DEAL.
HEY, COME ON
YOU CAN'T TELL ME LAST NIGHT
DIDN'T MEAN SOMETHING TO YOU.
I WAS THERE.
YOU'RE NOT THAT GOOD
AN ACTRESS.
LOOK, UM, I WAS JUST
CAUGHT UP IN THE MOMENT.
THAT'S ALL IT WAS.
JOEY, I'M SORRY
YOU FEEL BAD, BUT...
HAVEN'T YOU EVER
SLEPT WITH A WOMAN
WHERE IT MEANT MORE TO HER
THAN IT DID TO YOU?
NO.
HI, KATE.
HI, LAUREN.
HI, PIG.
SORRY I, UH...
I SCARED YOU IN THERE.
OH, THAT'S OKAY.
BY THE WAY
I WAS JUST CHECKING
THE SHOWER MASSAGER.
YEAH. SHH...
HEY.
WE TRIED TO REACH
YOU AT WORK.
THERE'S... BEEN A FIRE.
WHAT?
OH, MY... OH, MY GOD!
WHAT HAPPENED?
WELL, WE BELIEVE
IT ORIGINATED HERE...
IN THE AROMA ROOM.
DID EVERYONE GET OUT OKAY?
WELL, THE GIRAFFE'S OKAY
AND SO IS THE PIRATE.
WHAT IS THIS?
NO, PHOEBE, DON'T LOOK.
YOU DON'T WANT TO SEE
WHAT'S UNDER THERE.
( gasps )
THE FOSTER PUPPETS!
Chandler:
IT'S NOT A BIG DEAL.
IT'S RIGHT HERE,
AND IT'S ALL THE TIME.
WELL, THANKS AGAIN
FOR LUNCH.
YES, THIS...
THIS WAS PLEASANT.
IT WAS, WASN'T IT?
THE FOOD THERE WAS GREAT.
WASN'T IT?
SO TAKE CARE.
YOU, TOO.
WELL, THIS WAS GREAT.
I'LL GIVE YOU A CALL.
WE SHOULD
DO IT AGAIN SOMETIME.
GREAT. I'M LOOKING
FORWARD TO IT.
RACHEL, ANY MESSAGES?
SOPHIE'S DESK.
( quietly ):
CHANDLER...
ARE YOU GOING TO CALL HER?
NO.
CHANDLER...
I'M SORRY, OKAY?
I'M WEAK AND
PATHETIC AND SORRY.
OKAY, YOU ARE GOING
TO TELL HER.
YOU ARE GOING
TO TELL HER NOW.
I'M NOT GOING
TO CALL YOU.
WHAT?
I'M SORRY.
I'M... I'M... I'M SORRY
THAT I SAID I WAS GOING TO
WHEN I'M NOT.
LOOK, THIS
HAS NOTHING
TO DO WITH YOU.
AND THIS ISN'T RACHEL'S FAULT.
IT'S ME.
I HAVE SERIOUS, SERIOUS PROBLEMS
WHEN IT COMES TO WOMEN.
I HAVE ISSUES
WITH COMMITMENT, INTIMACY...
MASCARA GOOP.
AND I'M REALLY SORRY.
IT'S JUST THAT THIS IS NOT...
THIS ISN'T GOING TO WORK OUT.
WELL, THIS ISN'T
HOW I WAS HOPING THIS WOULD END
BUT I GUESS I HAVE
TO APPRECIATE YOUR HONESTY.
YEAH. OKAY.
SO...
THIS WAS GREAT.
I'LL GIVE YOU A CALL.
WE SHOULD DO IT AGAIN SOMETIME.
SO, ANYWAY, BETH,
WHAT I'M SAYING IS
I SHOULD HAVE CONSIDERED
YOUR FEELINGS
BEFORE I WENT HOME
WITH YOU THAT NIGHT.
I'VE, UH...
I'VE RECENTLY LEARNED
WHAT IT'S LIKE
TO BE ON YOUR SIDE OF IT
AND I'M SORRY.
SO, DO YOU THINK
YOU CAN FORGIVE ME?
GREAT.
THANKS.
OKAY.
BYE.
WHEW.
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]
HELLO. JENNIFER?
OH, HI, MRS. LORIO.
IS JENNIFER THERE?
AH, SHE'S NOT HOME, HUH?
WELL, UH, ACTUALLY
I KIND OF NEED
TO TALK TO YOU, TOO.